## Duplicate bugs
Hi, as many can tell, the game is currently experiencing issues. As a result, we have been getting bug reports along the lines of "help game is not working!!!11!" and "Here is a detailed hex dump of the game crashing", without many realizing that the issue has already been reported. If you are having an issue, please check the issue list to see if the issue has already been reported. If it has, do not reply "me too" or "fix please", as that does not help us fix it. If you are willing to test or aid in development, feel free to chime in; any help is welcomed!
## Posting Error Logs
As for error log posting - if you have a very large error log you wish to post, please submit the [error log here](https://gist.github.com/) and paste the link. That link is GitHub's official pastebin. By posting your error log there and giving us a link, it makes it much easier to maintain bug reports.
## Getting Issues Fixed
As you probably know, Roblox was never intended to run on Linux; this is a Windows-based game. Through the Wine project and the Roblox Linux Wrapper script, the game works on a limited basis, given that many issues come and go. Often, issues can be fixed via workarounds or using a different version of wine, so if you are saavy enough, try to play with it a bit. if you can somehow find a workaround, please do! Note: if the fix is available through winetricks, try to find the actual workaround applied by winetricks; I am trying to remove winetricks as a dependency, so this is a necessary evil.
## Issue Hijacking
If you are having a problem, please do not comment on another thread unless you are fairly confident that the issue you are having is the issue mentioned in the original bug report. While we do understand mistakes may be made, it helps us greatly to have issues maintained in separate issue threads, so that we can manage each individual issue easily. For example, if an issue states "Game crashes five seconds into game", do not comment saying "My computer restarts when I play Roblox!!!", as this does not help us fix it. Additionally, we live issues that are closed open in the event that the issue resurfaces later. This way, an old issue can be reopened if the issue persists. If you find that an issue is closed, please do not post to it unless the issue you are having is identical to the reported issue. Help us help you by making our jobs easier! :)

Thank you for your cooperation!
> Jonathan Alfonso (alfonsojon)
